Spoons

Goal: Grab a spoon before there are no more left
Rules/ How to Play:


Must be 3-13 players.
Shuffle cards thoroughly.
While player size is greater than two and there are no spoons on the table:
  Players get into one circle. 
  Place one less spoon than there are players in the middle of the circle.
  Designate one person to be the dealer.
  The dealer will give each player 4 cards from the deck.
  While no one has touched a spoon:
   Each person starts out with 4 cards and must only have 4 cards in their hand at all times besides the one card they are about to replace.
   The dealer will begin to pick up one card at a time from the remains of the deck 
   If they decide they want to keep that card:
     they must pass on a different card from their hand to the player to their left (resulting in having 4 cards).
    If they don’t want to keep that card:
      they must pass it to their left. 
    The next player will pick up the cards passed to them one at a time.
     If they decide they want to keep that card:
     they must pass on a different card from their hand to the player to their left (resulting in having 4 cards).
    If they don’t want to keep that card:
      they must pass it to their left.
    The player directly right of the dealer does not pass its unwanted cards to the left.
    Instead, they will put them into a pile designated the “Trash Pile”.
    If a card is put into the "trash pile":
      those cards are no longer circulated through the circle.
    If the cards run out:
      the dealer will uses the “Trash Pile” as if it were the remaining deck.
    If someone gets a four of a kind:
      that player will stop circulating the cards and grab one of the spoons in the middle of the circle.
    PLAYERS CAN ONLY GRAB THE FIRST SPOON IF THEY HAVE A FOUR OF A KIND.
  If a player touches a spoon before they have a four of a kind:
    the round is over and that player is out
  Once the first spoon is grabbed because of a four of a kind, every other player will try and take the remaining spoons before they are gone, regardless if they have a four of a kind themselves.
  If the spoons run out:
   the person remaining spoonless will be out of the game.
   When the round ends:
    the amount of spoons is reduced by one.
   Repeat until zero spoons are left.
The last player with the last spoon wins the game and rounds are over
